font-family = MonoLisaPlus 
font-style = Medium
font-style-italic = Regular Italic
font-style-bold = Bold
font-style-bold-italic = Bold Italic
font-size = 14
font-thicken = true
window-title-font-family = "MonoLisaPlus Variable"

cursor-style = block
cursor-opacity = 0.65
adjust-cursor-thickness = 5

adjust-cell-height = 15%
config-file = Dracula-pro
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
mouse-scroll-multiplier = 2

macos-non-native-fullscreen = true
macos-titlebar-proxy-icon = hidden
macos-window-shadow = false
macos-titlebar-style = hidden

background-opacity = 0.80
title = ""

window-decoration = false
window-colorspace = display-p3
window-padding-balance = true
window-padding-color = background
window-save-state = always
window-padding-y = 0
window-padding-x = 0
window-width = 192
window-height = 108

macos-titlebar-style = transparent
gtk-adwaita = false


# Updates
auto-update = download
auto-update-channel = stable

# Shell integrations
shell-integration = zsh
shell-integration-features = no-cursor, no-title, sudo
